most people think that voters
are pros at ravaging carcasses
but sometimes they have to sing
a backdoor approach cultures
often just aren't strong enough
to break into the hide of an
animal without larger scavengers
to help them out cultures have
to go for the softest part of
the carcass first like the
eyeballs and the button
yeah
that's happening more and more
often wear things like hyenas
and jackals are hunted by humans
and there aren't any left to
help the vultures get a carcass
open
so even if you don't care about
protecting the larger scavengers
let's do the vultures of solid
so they don't have to go through
the but
so one thing that really
surprised me was from 1970 2010
you know in 40 years we've lost
over half our wildlife
populations